Document app time management for lifecycling (#434)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/daml-finance/tutorials/lifecycling/fixed-rate-bond.rst

  :start-after: -- CREATE_CLOCK_UPDATE_EVENT_BEGIN
  :end-before: -- CREATE_CLOCK_UPDATE_EVENT_END

Note that it is the bank that actively creates a
:ref:`DateClockUpdateEvent <module-daml-finance-data-time-dateclockupdate-48859>`.
This results in more control when to actually process the coupon payment. One could also use
:ref:`LedgerTime <module-daml-finance-data-time-ledgertime-84639>`,

> but that would cause problems in some cases, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but that could cause problems in some scenarios, for example:
```

> - A system is down when the coupon should be processed. Processing it the next day is difficult if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The system is down when the coupon should be processed. Processing it the next day is difficult if
```

  :start-after: -- CREATE_CLOCK_UPDATE_EVENT_BEGIN
  :end-before: -- CREATE_CLOCK_UPDATE_EVENT_END

> Note that it is the bank that actively creates a

Reviewer 2: I wonder if this paragraph should be part of a `Time management` sub-section at the end of the tutorial, in order not to break the current flow too much. I'll leave it up to you to decide

Author: Good point. I think I will keep it where it is for now (since it refers to different parts of the tutorial code), but will consider moving it later on if it looks too clunky (especially if we want to add more content on this topic).
